Satosa-Saml2Spid/Eudi - Readme Review for initial setup of the environment (#95)
italia/Satosa-Saml2Spid: README-Setup.md

###### Prepare environment

> move to the directory `/{your path}/Satosa-Saml2Spid` and execute the following commands

Author: not sure, in this step we are creating "satosa.env" into satosa_proxy folder

> move to the directory `/{your path}/Satosa-Saml2Spid` and execute the following commands

Reviewer: ok

> move to the directory `/{your path}/Satosa-Saml2Spid` and execute the following commands

Reviewer: May we have a capitalized letter an change "to move" to something like: "Within the ..."

## Configure the Proxy

> - Create certificates for SPID.
> 
> To do that, you can use one of the following solution to create X.509 certificates:
> > [psmiraglia](https://github.com/italia/spid-compliant-certificates) 
> 
> >  [Python native solution](https://github.com/italia/spid-compliant-certificates-python)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create certificates for SPID, using [spid-compliant-certificates](https://github.com/italia/spid-compliant-certificates) or [spid-compliant-certificates-python](https://github.com/italia/spid-compliant-certificates-python)
```
